minor modifications (#3)
stoplightio/docs-gen3: on-prem/installation/installation_guide.md

Stoplight consists of three container services:

> - Stoplight Frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stoplight frontend
```

> - Stoplight Backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stoplight backend
```

Author: I think these should be capitalized as the proper names of our applications, like Oracle Java or Apache Kafka

Reviewer: Java and Kafka are registered trademarks, not to mention things in their own right (a programming language and a software platform). Has Stoplight registered "Stoplight Backend" and "Stoplight Frontend", or are we just referring to the frontend and backend of the application here? Neither of them are standalone applications or frameworks.

Author: These are the names of our application components, not descriptions. Our other components include Studio, Prism, Pubs, etc. We wouldn't call it "Stoplight studio" just because "studio" is a common word--it's the name of our product.

Reviewer: This "felt wrong" so I double checked with Taylor about Stoplight's branding. The app backend and frontend are not branded components like Studio, Prism etc. Definitely lowercase here.

- Stoplight Frontend
- Stoplight Backend
- A PostgreSQL database

> ## Deployment environments

Reviewer: Not sure why this needs to be removed? It's clear the guide currently covers OpenShift, but we are supporting Unix at some point, right? And eventually I imagine this guide will grow to include that.

Author: I just removed because I didn't want to confuse the customer we were providing it to. They were only looking to install in OpenShift.

When we eventually release this publicly we'll want everything

> > Note: these are estimates that will vary based on your data and usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: these are estimates. Actual requirements vary based on your data and usage.
```

    oc secrets link default quay-pull-secret --for=pull
    ```
4. Create image streams for the following repositories:

    > Note: we recommend that you use the Postgres image from the OpenShift catalog, documented [here](https://docs.okd.io/latest/using_images/db_images/postgresql.html)

    - [quay.io/stoplight/frontend:stable](https://quay.io/stoplight/frontend:stable)
    - [quay.io/stoplight/backend:stable](https://quay.io/stoplight/backend:stable)

>     > Note: as an alternative to creating image streams that follow dynamic tags (ex. stable), you can [manually select a version](#manually-select-an-app-and-API-version) and watch the Stoplight JSON manifest for changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: as an alternative to creating image streams that follow dynamic tags (for example, "stable"), you can [manually select a version](#manually-select-an-app-and-API-version) and watch the Stoplight JSON manifest for changes.
```

5. Create secrets for the secret environment variables you need to pass to each service. Refer to the [general configuration guide](#environment-variables) for the names and values of these variables.

>     > Note: if Postgres has been deployed from the OpenShift Postgres template, it will not require additional configuration. Simply verify that the configuration described in steps 6-8 is in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: if you deploy Postgres from the OpenShift Postgres template, it does not require additional configuration. Verify that the configuration described in steps six to eight is in place.
```

- avoid passive voice
- avoid words like "simply"
